_pages/home.md, before:

---
title: "Allan Lab - Home"
layout: homelay
excerpt: "Allan Lab at Leiden University &rarr; LMU."
sitemap: false
permalink: /
---

**News: Our group will move to the University of Munich (LMU)!** During the next two years, we will build up a "Lehrstuhl" (chair) at LMU and we will slowly move our instruments to Munich. We will be looking for PhD students, sub-group leaders, postdocs, engineering/technical stuff, and an administrative assistant. Please contact me if you are interested.
More details to follow.


<div markdown="0" id="carousel" class="carousel slide" data-ride="carousel" data-interval="4000" data-pause="hover" >
    <!-- Menu -->
    <ol class="carousel-indicators">
        <li data-target="#carousel" data-slide-to="0" class="active"></li>
        <li data-target="#carousel" data-slide-to="1"></li>
        <li data-target="#carousel" data-slide-to="2"></li>
        <li data-target="#carousel" data-slide-to="3"></li>
        <li data-target="#carousel" data-slide-to="4"></li>
        <li data-target="#carousel" data-slide-to="5"></li>
        <li data-target="#carousel" data-slide-to="6"></li>
    </ol>

    <!-- Items -->
    <div class="carousel-inner" markdown="0">
        <div class="item active">
            <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/slider7001400/QPI_Rh.jpg" alt="Slide 1" />
        </div>
        <div class="item">
            <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/slider7001400/SmartTipSide.jpg" alt="Slide 2" />
        </div>
        <div class="item">
            <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/slider7001400/SaphireSTM2.jpg" alt="Slide 3" />
        </div>
        <div class="item">
            <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/slider7001400/lab.jpg" alt="Slide 4" />
        </div>
        <div class="item">
            <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/slider7001400/Fig_Science_Web.jpg" alt="Slide 5" />
        </div>       
         <div class="item">
            <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/slider7001400/BSCCO2gap2.jpg" alt="Slide 6" />
        </div>
    </div>
  <a class="left carousel-control" href="#carousel" role="button" data-slide="prev">
    <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-chevron-left" aria-hidden="true"></span>
    <span class="sr-only">Previous</span>
  </a>
  <a class="right carousel-control" href="#carousel" role="button" data-slide="next">
    <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-chevron-right" aria-hidden="true"></span>
    <span class="sr-only">Next</span>
  </a>
</div>


We are a dynamic research group, at the [Leiden Institute of Physics](http://www.physics.leidenuniv.nl) and soon at [LMU](https://www.physik.lmu.de/en/index.html). Our aim is to explore and understand quantum materials, including strange metals, high-temperature superconductors, and quantum critical electron matter. To this end, we develop new quantum sensing and quantum imaging instrumentation to get the key quantum mechanical degrees of freedom. We want to be able to build the perfect instruments to answer the scientific questions we deem most important (see [Research](research)). 


We are very much looking forward to being part of [LMU physics](https://www.physik.lmu.de/en/index.html)! We will build up our instruments right in the center of the city, in the “Sommerfeldkeller”, where Sommerfeld himself worked. We will exchange ideas with world class groups working in quantum physics, cold-atom many-body physics, and 2d quantum materials.

Our move to LMU will likely start around Summer 2024, depending on the state of renovations. 

Currently, we are located at Leiden University, the birthplace of superconductivity and home to Kamerlingh Onnes, Lorentz, Huygens, Einstein, de Sitter, and others (see e.g. [the wall of signatures from Ehrenfest lecturers](https://www.lorentz.leidenuniv.nl/history/colloquium/muur_heel.html)). 

We are grateful for funding from Leiden University, [LMU ](https://www.lmu.de) [NWO](www.nwo.nl) ([Vidi talent scheme](http://www.nwo.nl/en/research-and-results/programmes/Talent+Scheme) and the [Frontiers in Nanoscience program](https://www.universiteitleiden.nl/en/research/research-projects/science/frontiers-of-nanoscience-nanofront)), and from an [ERC starting and consolidator grants](https://erc.europa.eu/funding/starting-grants).

 **We are  looking for passionate new PhD students, Postdocs, and Master students to join the team** [(more info)]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/vacancies) **!**




<figure class="fourth">
  <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/logopic/Logo_Leiden.jpg" style="width: 210px">
  <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/logopic/Logo_Nanofront.jpg" style="width: 110px">
  <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/logopic/Logo_NWO.jpg" style="width: 120px">
  <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/logopic/Logo_ERC.jpg" style="width: 110px">
</figure>

Commit message:

First draft - Idrees lab website

_pages/home.md, after:

---
title: "Idrees Lab - Home"
layout: homelay
excerpt: "Idrees Lab at Vanderbilt University Medical Center"
sitemap: false
permalink: /
---

<div markdown="0" id="carousel" class="carousel slide" data-ride="carousel" data-interval="4000" data-pause="hover" >
    <!-- Menu -->
    <ol class="carousel-indicators">
        <li data-target="#carousel" data-slide-to="0" class="active"></li>
        <li data-target="#carousel" data-slide-to="1"></li>
        <li data-target="#carousel" data-slide-to="2"></li>
        <li data-target="#carousel" data-slide-to="3"></li>
        <li data-target="#carousel" data-slide-to="4"></li>
        <li data-target="#carousel" data-slide-to="5"></li>
        <li data-target="#carousel" data-slide-to="6"></li>
    </ol>

    <!-- Items -->
    <div class="carousel-inner" markdown="0">
        <div class="item active">
            <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/slider7001400/QPI_Rh.jpg" alt="Slide 1" />
        </div>
        <div class="item">
            <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/slider7001400/SmartTipSide.jpg" alt="Slide 2" />
        </div>
        <div class="item">
            <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/slider7001400/SaphireSTM2.jpg" alt="Slide 3" />
        </div>
        <div class="item">
            <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/slider7001400/lab.jpg" alt="Slide 4" />
        </div>
        <div class="item">
            <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/slider7001400/Fig_Science_Web.jpg" alt="Slide 5" />
        </div>       
         <div class="item">
            <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/slider7001400/BSCCO2gap2.jpg" alt="Slide 6" />
        </div>
    </div>
  <a class="left carousel-control" href="#carousel" role="button" data-slide="prev">
    <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-chevron-left" aria-hidden="true"></span>
    <span class="sr-only">Previous</span>
  </a>
  <a class="right carousel-control" href="#carousel" role="button" data-slide="next">
    <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-chevron-right" aria-hidden="true"></span>
    <span class="sr-only">Next</span>
  </a>
</div>

We are a collaborative research group at [Vanderbilt University Medical Center](https://vumc.org). Our research focus is on addressing unmet needs in clinical care for patients with advanced gastrointestinal malignancies using a bedside-to-bench model. We leverage high-throughput multimodal techniques to evaluate the complex cellular and metabolic mileu of the tumor microenvironment. 

 <!-- **We are  looking for passionate new PhD students, Postdocs, and Master students to join the team** [(more info)]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/vacancies) **!** -->

<figure class="fourth">
  <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/logopic/Logo_Leiden.jpg" style="width: 210px">
  <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/logopic/Logo_Nanofront.jpg" style="width: 110px">
  <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/logopic/Logo_NWO.jpg" style="width: 120px">
  <img src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/images/logopic/Logo_ERC.jpg" style="width: 110px">
</figure>
